Is heaven and earth
Ah!
descendants of Tianzong
Why don't you kneel when you see my enemy?
It's providence.
Impossible, this ironware trash
How could it be possible to summon this heaven and earth god
Bold ah ah ah
Pass down the order of the suzerain
The second elder of the ninth elder formed a party and the camp company contradicted the deity
The two are now expelled from Tianzong
Who dares to intercede for him?
As a party member
What? He had heat stroke?
He's only been here a few days.
No wonder even the saintess follows him
Senior brother
My green lettuce screen is full
demon
If you block me, I will kill you to avenge my master